Adding more detailed text (#41)
publiccodenet/http: team/jan-bio.md

Jan is working with developing tools, processes and collecting best practices for community building amongst the codebases in stewardship.

> Jan has been a policy advisor on digital issues in the European Parliament for a green MEP mainly working on the copyright directive. Before that he ran a consultancy for public organizations called Open by default helping public organizations using open licenses to publish open data and making open source software. Previously he was the CEO of Wikimedia Sverige after taking part of founding the chapter and being its chairman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jan has been a policy advisor on digital issues in the European Parliament for a green MEP, mainly working on the copyright directive. Before that he ran a consultancy called Open by Default, which helped public organizations use open licenses to publish open data and make open source software. Previously he was the CEO of Wikimedia Sverige after co-founding the chapter and being its chairman.
```
